the white house the building inside
which Donald Trump and I feel this isn't
mentioned enough is regularly naked and
just just think about that he might be
naked in there right now maybe he just
sneezed
maybe there's a band-aid somewhere on
his person we don't know we just know
that he's there and we all have to live
with that but while Trump himself is
device if there are two White House
figures who are widely admired Jared
Kushner and Ivanka Trump they're like
America's William and Kate except in
this case both of them are attractive
and many many people have praised for
them the only adults in the room the
moderates the centrist frankly Democrats
are Jared and Ivanka you know thank God
his kids are or you know their
day-to-day their a positive influence on
him his best running mate matter way
would be Ivanka I don't know that I've
met a more composed brilliant beautiful
in every way person well that is high
praise from senator bob Corker i've
never met a more brilliant beautiful
person I imagine that went down great
with his wife and two daughters happy
Father's Day dad did Ivanka send you
anything but for liberals the popular
assumption is that Jared and Ivanka will
be moderating influences basically if
Trump is thinking about pressing a
button labeled nuke earth they will on
behalf of all of us guide his hands
towards the button labeled hey maybe
don't and they both have official roles
now Ivanka has recently taken an unpaid
position as assistant to the president
and as for Jared well he seems to have a
hand in basically everything he's been
planning this week's visit of the
Chinese president tomorrow logo and he's
also tasked with brokering peace in the
Middle East the president tapping his
son-in-law to reform the criminal
justice system not to mention he's
running the new office of American
innovation where he's responsible for
reforming veteran care tackling the
opioid epidemic and over
seeing the not-so-small feat of
revamping the entire federal government
holy it is not unusual for powerful
men to give their son in laws do-nothing
jobs but leave it to Donald Trump who
can't even get nepotism right to give
his a do everything job so given the
power that they seem to hold tonight
let's take a look at Jared and Ivanka
and let's set aside the question
surrounding potential conflicts of
interest between their business ties and
their positions in the administration
instead let's focus on answering just
two basic questions is if uncle really
the moderating influence that people
claim and what in Jared's background
justifies such a gigantic white house
portfolio and let's start with Ivanka
Trump's only daughter except for and yet
somehow including Tiffani now if vodka
is reassuringly familiar because she's
been part of the Trump brand since she
was a child she even co-hosted Trump's
Miss Teen USA pageant
at age 15 featuring this no too
noticeably odd moment let's go back
thanks Eddie
um I can't guarantee my brothers were
loving matter and if you're up there
single oh yeah why did they have her say
that
yes Andy my blood relatives are rock
hard right now you heard me the men with
whom I share parents probably have erect
penises at this very moment but but in
the public drama of the Trump family
Ivanka has been cast as the calm
reasonable endure voiced one a dynamic
that's perhaps best exemplified by this
moment what's the favorite thing you
have in common with your father either
real estate or golf Donald with your
daughter well I was going to say sex but
I can't relate
what is wrong with you you colossal
creep
you found the only possible wrong answer
to that question what's your favorite
color
Hitler that clip that clip actually
illustrates a lot of what we like about
Ivanka she's the exact opposite of her
dad
he's crazy she's poised and restrained
and she is impressively on message at
all times just think about how little
information she gave you in that
exchange she was asked what do you have
in common with your dad and she said
real estate and golf those are not
personal details they are core
components of the Trump brand that any
stranger would associate with him if you
if you asked Huey Dewey and Louie what
they had in common with their uncle
Donald and they said either feathers or
no pants you would think wow the duck
family really doesn't spend a lot of
quality time together and that ability
to apparently say nothing and yet
consistently support her dad can
actually apply to her political views as
well because the assumption that many of
us have that she disagrees with him is
actually based on much just watch her
response to being questioned about what
they specifically disagree on my father
agrees with me on so many issues and
where he doesn't he knows where I stand
but it's never situation of something
that you disagree with him on and that
you think that by speaking up to him it
made him change his position or soften
his position I think most of the impact
I have over time most people will not
actually know about
oh well that's convenient so we should
just give her credit when good stuff
happens and then blame others when bad
stuff happens that's not a job
description of a political adviser
that's a description of an Old Testament
God and that answer there enables you to
project whatever you want onto her based
on secondhand rumors and assumptions
which is exactly what Gayle King and her
co-hosts then did what is it they differ
on mid wearing I think she is she is not
she is not going to share that
information with me anyway she's not
sharing that in for me
that's between her and her dad but what
do you think I think about climate
change certainly I think about gay
rights I think some of the immigration
ban that Parenthood and certainly
Planned Parenthood oh yes yes certainly
Planned Parenthood as well why not and
you know those things all feel true but
there is not a lot of evidence you know
it's the same way that I assume Johnny
Depp's penis also has its own miniature
hat and goatee I don't have any concrete
evidence that that is actually the case
but come on probably and when you look
at what the Trump administration has
been doing it is hard to see much of
Ivanka's influence there take Planned
Parenthood which she certainly cares
about well last week Donald Trump
allowed States to block thumbs to it or
or maybe take climate change Ivanka did
reportedly bring Al Gore to Trump Tower
but unfortunately just three days later
Trunk named climate change denier list
scott pruett to head the EPA and maybe
that is an example of Ivanka's
moderating influence maybe Trump's
initial choice was a guy strangling a
dolphin with a six pack rate although
just just out of interest let's look at
an issue that Ivanka has been very
outspoken about last year at the RNC she
brought up family leave and child care
and when the Trump campaign released
their plan for that she sold it hard we
think we've proposed something that's
incredibly comprehensive it's very
innovative
it's a bold and fresh solution there's
no policy on Hillary Clinton's website
pertaining to any of these issues I'll
dare eldercare or maternity leave or
paternity leave for that matter except
none of that was remotely true
first of course Hillary's site had pages
on those issues so it seems when it
comes to lying about easily observable
facts the Apple does not fall far from
the orange
unless let's take a look though at that
comprehensive bold fresh Trump childcare
proposal because according to the Tax
Policy Center very few of its benefits
went to the lowest income families in
fact families with incomes between 10
and $30,000 would receive average
benefits of just 10 dollars a year and
the only daycare that costs $10 is a
padlock okay okay mommy's going to work
and mrs. master lock is going to keep
you in your bedroom for the next eight
hours
thanks Ivanka you're the best and look
look you may still like Ivanka that's
fine she can be appealing and that's
frankly not by accident she's been
trained in the art of Trump branding to
be as vague and likable as possible so
that everyone can plausibly think that
she shares their values whether or not
that's actually true and if that sounds
like a harsh thing for me to say about
her I will point out she's basically
shared that message in one of her books
perception is more important than
reality
if someone perceives something to be
true it is more important than if it is
in fact true this doesn't mean you
should be duplicitous or deceitful but
don't go out of your way to correct a
false assumption if it plays to your
advantage
she's pretty much telling you to your
face not to trust any assumption that
you are making about her so it is
possible that she's doing nothing to
moderate her father and I understand
that that there is an impulse not to
want to think about that just like you
don't want to think about the fact that
it it is also possible that in the White
House right now her father may be
bowling naked maybe he's wearing bowling
shoes
maybe he's forcing Mike Pence to play
alongside it we don't know we just have
to deal with the fact that it's possible
but that the truth is we may all be
thinking that if uncle is doing a lot
more than she actually is although the
same can emphatically not be said for
her husband Jared Kushner the man
remember responsible for among other
things repairing the Middle East
something that his father-in-law is
actually pretty confident in I have a
feeling that jared is gonna do a great
job I have a feeling he's gonna
he's gonna do a great job he is so great
if you can't produce peace in the Middle
East
nobody can okay then nobody can Oh Oh or
I am wrong and future history books will
say and peace was finally brought to the
Middle East by a sentient Kohl's
mannequin who read a book once but
Jarrod actually has even more
responsibility he's also reportedly been
the primary point of contact for two
dozen different countries and if you
look at photos of trumps meetings it's
like Where's Waldo he's in all of them
when Trump met the leaders of Congress
there he was at a listening session with
business leaders there he was and a
meeting on cybersecurity there he was at
a meeting with a Saudi prince
there's Jerrod Japanese Prime Minister
boom it's Jay doc Chinese President
visiting you got Kushner in the house
discussing the air strikes on Syria
where's the cush where's the cush there
he is basically Jarrod is either being
invited to every important meeting or he
died in the White House in the late
1800s and he has been haunting it ever
since
Jarrod's portfolio would be unmanageable
for the smartest man on earth
so he's Jared Kushner the smartest man
on earth we already know that he's the
coolest he can really rock a trill pair
of sunnies but but what is going on
behind them this guy can be quiet but
confident and as it was described to me
he is a visionary if you have meetings
with Jared Kushner Jared listens he
doesn't talk that much he absorbs it I
see Jared as like the Alexander Hamilton
of the new administration he's super
thoughtful if he's a he's a he's a three
times listener 0.5% talker stop
he's brilliant because he's quiet just
because you don't talk does not
necessarily mean you're thinking
something amazing it can just mean that
you're sitting in a meeting staring
blankly at people's moving lips thinking
about why baby cats aren't called cat
ins or whether all goldfish might have
peanut allergies but since they don't
ever eat peanuts we'll just never know
and that whole 0.5% talker thing does
point to something genuinely odd about
Jared because for someone with the
amount of power that he has have you
ever heard him speak seriously what does
his voice sound like you know do you
look it wasn't easy but we did actually
manage to find an interview of him
talking on TV in 2009 and here it is I
know what you're thinking you're
thinking hold on you just took that clip
and you dumped in Gilbert Godfried but
you don't know that for sure listen to
it again
newspaper the web site and online media
businesses you don't know for a fact
that that is not his actual voice and
that is the real point so in the absence
of Jared spoken thoughts
we've instead had to rely on second-hand
evidence of his brilliance and the first
thing many people cite is his education
jared is a great young man went to
Harvard very smart he went to Harvard
Jared is a very easy number one at
Harvard guy he's incredibly smart yes
but that's not really evidence of
anything the Unabomber went to Harvard
Ted Cruz went to Harvard and yes plenty
of smart people went there too they'll
tell you about it but it is worth it is
worth noting that officials at Jared's
high school were reportedly dismayed he
got in because as one put it his GPA did
not warrant it his SAT scores did not
warrant it so who knows how he pulled
that off
I'm sure it's absolutely nothing to do
with the fact that his father clenched
two and a half million dollars to the
school shortly before he was admitted
and I'm certainly not saying that
is a textbook case of paying for
admission I'll leave that to the
textbook the price of admission in which
that story actually appears but the
pointed however Jared got in after
graduating he took over his father's
real estate business after his dad
Charlie was sent to prison and I don't
have time to get into why let me just
say it involves blackmailing his
brother-in-law a sex worker and a hidden
camera in an alarm clock in a shitbox
motel on route 22 called the red bull
the red bullet that the whole story I
promise is amazing trust me it is worth
of Google you're going to need the safe
search off but how has Jerrod run the
family business well he made a big
splash when he bought 666 5th Avenue for
a record 1.8 billion dollars in 2007 but
that deal has not been a raging success
the entire deal was a miscalculation
they absolutely paid too much at the
time he bought at the very top of the
market so then the market turned 10
years later the building is struggling
to cover its debt payments okay so
cushiness purchase did make a splash but
it turned out to be more the kind of
splash your phone makes when it falls
into the toilet now now that building is
obviously not Jared's hold record in
business he also owned the New York
Observer which even the papers staff
found a little odd given that several
people described him as an
unenthusiastic reader with little use
for newspapers let alone books he also
recently spearheaded a Brooklyn
development called Dumbo Heights and one
of his partners praised his involvement
there saying he's very uncut 'red in his
mind I think that simplicity allows him
to filter some things out which could be
a compliment or a savage insult and to
give you a flavor of what Jared's vision
for Dumbo Heights is I'd like you to
watch a video that he show to a real
estate conference which is the most
infuriating combination of meaningless
tech nonsense and stock footage of
models pretending to conduct business
that you will ever see Dumbo Heights a
dynamic space mechanically engineered
for optimum performance and unrivaled
connectivity
this campus is the staging ground for
the next generation of innovators and
creators change is forged on this campus
in the fire of great thinkers and
visionaries a community built for
collaboration
when innovation is cultivated the world
rises to me don't know it's hard to pick
it's hard to pick but I think my
favorite phrase in there is actually
bragging that the development is
mechanically engineered because what are
the other options there
how many office buildings are naturally
occurring or created with a wish on a
genies lamp and if you are starting to
get concerned that Jared's business
record may not qualify him for his
current jobs I should point out one
other prominent item that is on his
resume the 2016 election a few weeks
after it was over
Forbes ran a cover story titled this guy
got trump elected which does sound
impressive and it features quotes from
Jared like we played Moneyball asking
ourselves which states will get the best
ROI for the electoral votes which is a
sentence that can only be forged in the
uncluttered mind of The Wizard of Dumbo
Heights but in fairness the article does
give some examples of what specific
technical expertise Jared may have
brought into the operation they used
targeting and they found a way to keep
people on Facebook and Twitter and they
evolved into this 100 person secret data
center down in San Antonio and they had
data do everything data determined his
schedule his rallies even when he spoke
about in the rally so then what do you
spoke about at the rallies really data
determined what Trump spoke about at his
rallies look I don't doubt that there
were a hundred people in a basement
somewhere money balling the ROI but I
would love to see the data that
recommended this I love these boards
look here's a beauty visible I just I
love charts I loved
and I always said you know it's too
tough buddy can screen up you got to get
guys cause too much money I don't like
to spend money this is a cheap version
of a screen okay just as good like you
need good strong hands so look you ready
so there it is
thanks Jared you really mechanically
engineered the out of that one you
know what Trump did win the election and
I wasn't there so who knows maybe Jared
is single-handedly responsible for the
entire victory but that still doesn't
mean he has the specific knowledge to
tackle government reform or the Middle
East or the opioid epidemic can somebody
please reassure me that this is okay
Jared is incredibly smart very talented
has enormous capacity he is humble in
the recognition of what he doesn't know
and is tremendously secure in his our
ability to to seek informed viewpoints
no not you not you I know your game now
not you and also to that point that he
will seek informed viewpoints that will
be harder since there are still hundreds
of key jobs across the government the
Trump has not yet named nominees for
summer agencies central to Jerry's
duties including the Department of
Transportation the DEA and the va va it
is too bad the trunk can't appoint
someone to nominate people on his behalf
although even then I'm pretty sure that
he gave that job to Jerrod
Kushner and yet the truth is for many
people the main thing qualifying Jared
for his positions is not so much who he
is but who he isn't as many questions I
have about Jared Ivanka and their
qualifications their lot more qualified
than people like Steve ban and I like
everybody would prefer to have them
rather than mr. ban and involved in
decisions is he James Baker no he's not
James Baker the answer's no but is he
Steve Danon no he's not Steve Bannon all
right that is true
Jared Kushner is not Steve Bannon but
that is a low bar that recommendation
would get you no other job we shouldn't
be excited about a top White House
adviser simply because he is preferable
to a man best described
every dark thought humanity has ever had
inhabiting the long dead corpse of a
civil war-era plantation owner that even
his fellow plantation owners called
a bit much there has to be a third
option here and even some people who
know Jared and like him have some
serious questions I know
Jared Krishna broccoli lived in my
building there no lovely young people
does this person have any qualifications
lovely guy
sure level-headed yes he's temperamental
II seen versus the present got it having
said that what is this guy done in his
life ever just listen to what he just
said lovely young man seems level-headed
what's he done it does not bode well
that Jared cushioned his neighbor's
describe him like he just got arrested
for murdering 11 people and look in the
end this isn't even Jared's fault it's
the fault of the guy who appointed him
because think about it this way
imagine anyone other than Donald Trump
was president and hold that thought it's
nice right in fact in fact in Manton
imagine this stock photo guy was in
office this guy and he said hey everyone
I'm gonna fix the Middle East and
opioids and the whole of government in
general and I found the perfect person
to do it
it's this creep Alice creepily silent 36
year old heir to a real estate fortune
what does everyone think you would
justifiably be upset at that and
I know that all of this may seem like an
evisceration of both Jared and Ivanka
but it is really not I don't know enough
about them to eviscerate them just as
you don't know enough about them to
justify putting any real hopes in them
because it is dangerous to think of them
as a moderating influence as reassuring
as that may feel because believe me and
it gives me no pleasure to say this if
they are the reason you are sleeping at
night you should probably still be awake
and if you need help doing that simply
remember Donald Trump may currently be
airing out his balls
Lincoln Bedroom sweet dreams